.TH "BITWARDEN CONFIG" "1" "24-Jan-2019" "" "bitwarden config Manual"
.SH NAME
bitwarden\-config \- View and set bitwarden config items.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bitwarden config
[OPTIONS] [KEY] [VALUE]
.SH DESCRIPTION
View and set bitwarden config items.
.PP
    no arguments will list all keys and their values.
    1 argument will show the value for that key
    with 2 args will set a value for that key.
.PP
    2 items are not shown in the all list, because their values are "sensitive":
    ('client_token', 'encryption_key')
.PP
    client_token is the JSON value returned from the login command and
    encryption key is the encypted symmetric key (requires the master key to
    decrypt, which is stored in the agent)
.PP
    You can view these if you specifically ask for them (and even set their
    values) but setting the values by hand is almost always a bad idea, you
    have been warned.
.PP
    You can of course format the output any way you so choose.
    Why you would want the output in XLS format is beyond me.
.PP

NOTES:
----------
.PP
Default values are computed at runtime and are not shown here.
.PP

EXAMPLES:
----------------
.PP

bitwarden config email
key  |value
-----|------------
email|nobody@example.com
.PP
show the email setting.
.PP

bitwarden config email somebodylovesme@example.com
key  |old value         |new value
-----|------------------|---------------------------
email|nobody@example.com|somebodylovesme@example.com
.PP
will set the login email to nobody@example.com
.PP
   
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f,\fP \-\-fmt [csv|tsv|json|yaml|html|xls|xlsx|dbf|latex|ods]
.PP