.TH "BITWARDEN" "1" "24-Jan-2019" "" "bitwarden Manual"
.SH NAME
bitwarden \- Bitwarden CLI program.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bitwarden
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Bitwarden CLI program.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-v,\fP \-\-verbosity LVL
Either CRITICAL, ERROR, WARNING, INFO or DEBUG
.TP
\fB\-\-url\fP TEXT
.PP
.TP
\fB\-\-identurl\fP TEXT
.PP
.TP
\fB\-\-debug\fP / \-\-no\-debug
.PP
.TP
\fB\-\-db\fP TEXT
.PP
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fP
Show the version and exit.
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBstatus\fP
  Show various statistics.
  See \fBbitwarden-status(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBstatus\fP command.
.PP
\fBfetch_name\fP
  fetch by name.
  See \fBbitwarden-fetch_name(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBfetch_name\fP command.
.PP
\fBemtpydb\fP
  Flush and empty the database of all values.
  See \fBbitwarden-emtpydb(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBemtpydb\fP command.
.PP
\fBlogin\fP
  login to server; MFA optional.
  See \fBbitwarden-login(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBlogin\fP command.
.PP
\fBfind\fP
  find query in username,uri this does a simpe...
  See \fBbitwarden-find(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBfind\fP command.
.PP
\fBfetch_uuid\fP
  fetch by UUID.
  See \fBbitwarden-fetch_uuid(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBfetch_uuid\fP command.
.PP
\fBregister\fP
  register a new account on server.
  See \fBbitwarden-register(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBregister\fP command.
.PP
\fBconfig\fP
  View and set bitwarden config items.
  See \fBbitwarden-config(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBconfig\fP command.
.PP
\fBagent\fP
  Agent command lets you manage the agent.
  See \fBbitwarden-agent(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBagent\fP command.
.PP
\fBslab\fP
  run in slab mode.
  See \fBbitwarden-slab(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBslab\fP command.
.PP
\fBsql\fP
  query the local data store using SQL.
  See \fBbitwarden-sql(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBsql\fP command.
.PP
\fBlogout\fP
  logout from server, stop agent and forget all...
  See \fBbitwarden-logout(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBlogout\fP command.
.PP
\fBpull\fP
  pull all records from server, updating local...
  See \fBbitwarden-pull(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBpull\fP command.