.TH "BITWARDEN LOGIN" "1" "24-Jan-2019" "" "bitwarden login Manual"
.SH NAME
bitwarden\-login \- login to server; MFA optional.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bitwarden login
[OPTIONS] [EMAIL]
.SH DESCRIPTION
login to server; MFA optional.
.PP
    --timeout is how long the agent should run for in seconds.
    By default (value of 0) timeout will be set to the length of the login
    access token defined by the server.
    If set to a negative value (say -t -1) then the agent
    will never stop, until you call the logout command.
.PP
    email is optional, as it remembers the email from previous logins.
.PP
MFA Support:
    --mfa is optional, if you turn it on and don't specify --mfa_token it will
    prompt you.  None of these modes do anything
    other than let you specify the MFA token to send. so DUO and email may not work.
.PP
    example:
        $ bitwarden login nobody@example.com
        Password:
.PP
        self hosted (bitwarden-ruby or bitwarden-go):
.PP
        login to a self-hosted server at bitwarden.example.com URL. With an
        8hr agent timeout(so you can work offline all day).
.PP
        bitwarden --url https://bitwarden.example.com/api --identurl
        https://bitwarden.example.com/identity login nobody@example.com
        --timeout 28800
.PP
    NOTES:
        * if you login to a self-hosted instance, you *MUST* set both
        --url and --identurl see above example for likely settings.
        * --timeout does not change the access token server timeout.
            so server operations may require you to re-login.
        * --url and --identurl are saved for you, so you only have
            to define them one time.
    
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-t,\fP \-\-timeout INTEGER
.PP
.TP
\fB\-\-password\fP TEXT
.PP
.TP
\fB\-\-mfa\fP [u2f|yubikey|duo|authenticator|email]
.PP
.TP
\fB\-\-mfa_token\fP TEXT
.PP